# regex_matcher

## Description

It is python application which matches the content of a group of URLs to specified REGEX strings asynchronously and efficienty.

Input- Takes in a JSON file with the following structure, a group of URLs and specified regex strings:

```

{
'URL': ['regex1', 'regex2'.....]
}

```
This is how an actual JSON file might look like:

```
{
  
  "http://python.org": ["<[^/>]+/>"],
  "https://www.youtube.com/": ["^a...s$","(<div class=\"deg\">.*?</div>)"],
  "https://www.google.com/": ["</[^/>]+>"]

}

```
Output- Returns a JSON file with all the matched content of each URL and REGEX. 

```

{

    'URL': {
            'REGEX': [matched content values]

            }
}

```

## Design Decisions:

1. I used standard python libraries for this task and used asyncio and aiohttp for IO operations (fetching url's content)

  Why: In this task, there could be network latency in getting the content of the URLs and hence, I chose to go the async       way.
  Other operations (matching regex) can be efficiently performed on the system.

2. I/O: I used command line arguments (argparse) so that the user could specify the input files and the periodicity.

3. The data of each timestamp is stored in a separate file, with the timestamp embedded in the filename. I did'nt setup a 
database considering this to be a demo task.

4. Pytest: I used pytest to test few corner cases of the utils function.

5. Sphinx: To autogenerate documentation for the utils and test file.



## Setting up Environment (Installation):


```
pip install pipenv
pipenv install
pipenv shell
```
This should create a pip environment and install all dependencies in your system
## Files and folders

.
├── datasets
│   ├── data_1.json
│   ├── data_2.json
│   ├── data_3.json
│   ├── data_4.json
│   └── data.json
├── docs
│   ├── _build
│   │   ├── doctrees
│   │   └── html
│   ├── conf.py
│   ├── index.rst
│   ├── make.bat
│   ├── Makefile
│   ├── modules.rst
│   ├── test_url_regex_matcher.rst
│   ├── url_regex_matcher.rst
│   └── utils.rst
├── Pipfile
├── Pipfile.lock
├── README.md
├── test_url_regex_matcher.py
├── url_regex_matcher.py
└── utils.py

datasets: Contains sample data
docs: Sphinx files and build folder containing html files for documentation.
pipfile: Contais all the dependency info
test_url_regex_matcher.py : pytest written for the .py files 
utils.py : Utilities functions url_regex_matcher.py
url_regex_matcher.py : Main program with scheduler


## Usage

To run the code: 

python url_regex_matcher.py -f filenpath -i interval(in seconds)

Example: 
```
python url_regex_matcher.py -f ./datasets/data.json -i 150

```


## Testing:

```
pytest

```

## Documentation

The documentation is automatically generated by Sphinx. To read it, open the HTML files in the docs folder:

```
firefox docs/_build/html/index.html
```

To know more about Sphinx documentation, refer:

[link](http://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/quickstart.html)

